
A notebook, `html_notebook`, is a variation on a `html_document`. The rendered outputs are very similar, but the purpose is different. A `html_document` is focused on communicating with decision makers, while a notebook is focused on collaborating with other data scientists. These different purposes lead to using the HTML output in different ways. Both HTML outputs will contain the fully rendered output, but the notebook also contains the full source code. That means you can use the `.nb.html` generated by the notebook in two ways:

1. You can view it in a web browser, and see the rendered output. Unlike
   `html_document`, this rendering always includes an embedded copy of 
   the source code that generated it.

1. You can edit it in RStudio. When you open an `.nb.html` file, RStudio will
   automatically recreate the `.Rmd` file that generated it. In the future, you 
   will also be able to include supporting files (e.g. `.csv` data files), which 
   will be automatically extracted when needed. 

Emailing `.nb.html` files is a simple way to share analyses with your colleagues. But things will get painful as soon as they want to make changes. If this starts to happen, it's a good time to learn Git and GitHub. Learning Git and GitHub is definitely painful at first, but the collaboration payoff is huge. As mentioned earlier, Git and GitHub are outside the scope of the book, but there's one tip that's useful if you're already using them: use both `html_notebook` and `github_document` outputs:

```yaml
output:
  html_notebook: default
  github_document: default
```

`html_notebook` gives you a local preview, and a file that you can share via email. `github_document` creates a minimal md file that you can check into git. You can easily see how the results of your analysis (not just the code) change over time, and GitHub will render it for you nicely online.
